Date: 5 January 1999(Revised 1 May 2004)
Subject: High Sierra format
From: kaikow@standards.com

There are individuals or organizations that have expressed a need for a
copy of the High Sierra format paper. In July 1993, I posted a notice in
selected newsgroups on the availability of the High Sierra format document.
I am again updating the July 1993 posting.

As there is no "official" source for a copy of the High Sierra paper, I
suggested in July 1993 that I could become the "official" source as I
wrote the paper. A few people have ordered the document from me. It is
not on the NY Times best seller list, however, it is needed in special cases.

	NOTE: For trivia buffs. Although the paper is dated 28 May 1986,
            it was actualy first distributed on 6 June 1986. In my haste
            to get it out the door, I forgot to change the date.

I can do this for $45 per copy, payable in US dollars. The price is subject to
adjustment anytime on or after 1 September 2004.

If paid by check, the check must be drawn on a US bank. The document will be
sent after the check clears at my bank.

Payment may also be made by sending US dollars, for example, via wire through Western Union.

Some banks, such as Citibank, will issue US dollar checks drawn on a US branch
bank. Other banks might provide a similar service. I believe that the Citibank
service is called WordLink, but I am not sure.

I am not sure what foreign currencies would be accepted by my bank, but there will be an additional
transaction fee and my bank will not accept coins, so this would be more
expensive. If you must pay with foreign currency, send me an email message and I
will let you know the amount in your currency. Note that if you decide to pay in
currency, it likely would be less expensive to secure US dollars at a local
currency exchange and send the US dollars.

I cannot accept purchase orders, unless accompanied by payment.

For non-USA requests, an additional amount must be added for the higher postage. Send me email and I will 
inform you of the postange charge.

If you wish for me to use Priority mail in the USA or International Express Mail for non-USA mail, 
send me an email and I will inform you of the additional charge.

If you wish for me to use a courier such as Federal Express or UPS, this
can be handled on a case by case basis.

You must send me an email message indicating that you will be making a request
so that I may inform you if the price per copy has changed.

I will not respond to telephone inquiries on this matter. I will respond only
to email inquiries.

Make your check payable to Howard Kaikow and mail it to the following address:

Howard Kaikow
PO Box 1333
Nashua, NH 03061-1333
USA
